How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value
do you think it offers?

    The staging area contains files that you intend to include in your next commit.
    You can incrementally add files to the staging area.
    This allows you to keep files in your working directory that are not tracked by Git
    because all files are not automatically included in your commits.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

    You can add the file to the staging area as soon as you have completed a logical
    change even if you are not ready to commit it yet and you wish to keep working.
    You can also use the git diff --staged command to review the contents of the
    staged change before you commit it.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    Branches are helpful in keeping development on multiple variants of your
    project separate. This allows you to make and release bug fixes on a released
    version of your project while you make functional changes for a new version
    of your project.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    The git history is not purely linear. It allows for concurrent branches, which
    each individually have a linear history log. A diagram can help to visualize the
    commits on the various branches and their relationship and reachability to each
    other.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the
diagram the way we do?

    The commit that results from the merge of two branches includes the changes
    from both branches. Such a merge commit has two parents and two lines of
    development that diverged from some common ancestor.

    The course mentions that the history shown by git log for a branch with merges
    will show commits from the branches interleaved according to timestamp. Therefore,
    adjacent commits in the git log are not necessarily child and parent. The course
    suggests that git show can be used to show the diff between a commit and its
    parent. However, the course does not explain the output of git show on a merge
    commit. Apparently that only shows the additional changes that are needed
    to correct merge conflicts.


